The Joe Rogan experience. So to go back to when you, when we met,
I think I was sober already.
I think it was like newly sober just to circle back to that.
And to anyone wondering when I actually did get sober, sober, sober,
it wasn't when I was 35. So like eight years ago. And,
but it was like a long time coming from the,
when I was first in rehab, I was 19.
And then from 20 to 35,
it was like Coke and Molly and weed and drink.
And it was, I, I, I lived my life to the fullest,
but I should probably should have died. I mean, it it's a miracle. I didn't die.
So right before I got sober, I was doing lots of Molly at, um,
Coachella, which sounds as disgusting as you just heard it,
but wait, it gets grocer. And,
um, the,
I was probably dehydrated because I don't think I had any water in like two
days.
It was like doing Molly during the day and doing blow at night and drinking
through the whole thing.
And I was really obsessed with this like blueberry red bull that they had,
I hate red bull, but I was just drinking it with,
and it was like laced with Molly or whatever. So that was like,
and then we were in VIP. This is why I'm saying it's going to get grosser guys.
So bear with me and we're walking.
And I went down, like I just blacked out. I was like,
I looked at my friend and I was like, I am roll.
And that's the last thing I remember.
And I just went down like a,
like just a bowling pen and apparently into some Australian
checks of all things. And I wake up, come to,
and there's like four cops standing around me and they're like, what day is it?
And I somehow knew it was Sunday. And I mean, you've been to festivals.
You have no idea what day it is, even if you're sober or what time it is.
And I knew what time it was. Like my brain got a hard reset. I really,
I really think my brain was like, we're shutting it down.
Like we need to reset this
reboot. I came to, I was like freezing called.
And the Australians were like, you have the worst friends,
you have the worst friends, the worst because they were too, they were like,
she'll be fine.
And one of my friends is one of my best friends from high school. And she and I,
she was around during the heroin days.
And we used to go to raves together and do like speed.
And so we had been through a lot and she was like, ah, she's taking a disco nap.
And they were like, Hey.
Uh, disco now,
A very funny, a.
Disco nap. She's taking a disco nap.
That's a good phrase.
So I came, I came to luckily, but it was like a bit of a wake up call.
And I wasn't young.
I was like about to be 35 or maybe I already was 35.
Like it was a little bit old to be blacking out count going down
and VIP like, ah, just so gross. So gross. I mean,
pitiful, demoralization.
Fred, since you're taking a disco nap, they're like, gosh, she's fine.
Let's keep.
And I found a Yankee sat and I put it on and that's when I knew I had to get
sober.
So where did you go to get, did you go to get sober on, did you do it on your.
Yeah, I just, so I had tried everything like every, I mean, I was,
I was the classic, like only drink, only drink booze only drink alone,
only drink with friends. Only some I did the whole like marijuana maintenance,
only smoke weed. I got certified in yoga, become a yoga instructor.
I went to therapy,
literally anything other than 12 step because I had been in
12 step when I was 1920 that first time.
And I hated it because I couldn't drink at all and I couldn't
do anything. And I just, I came up with a big, you know, I,
I came up with a big case against 12 step. I was like,
it's fear-based and blah, blah, blah. And all the God stuff.
And I was off and running and I was out my first husband
and I were raging alcoholics were in the restaurant and just,
I was in the restaurant industry for a long time in my life.
That industry is riddled with alcoholism and drugs and partying.
And so I was just around it too all the time. And then,
um, around 35, after that Coachella, that summer,
I had just gotten back from traveling around the world for like two years.
I was very lost. I was in LA and I didn't know what I was doing anymore.
I felt confused. I went back east, worked in a restaurant where I had been,
and it was like this whole, I fell immediately into the rut.
I was like sleeping with the same I slept with when I'd been there like seven
years before having doing tons of drugs, burning bridges with my family.
And I was coming back to LA after just my sister wouldn't let me stay with her
and rightfully, and I was a mess and I was coming back and I was like,
I'm going to cop heroin and kill myself. Basically.
I was just so internally,
it was not necessarily like many of my rock bottoms were actually
physical or my first one, I lost everything.
This was more emotional. And um, yeah, I was,
uh, I went for a hike. I went up to like Temescal because I was like, well,
before I cop heroin, I should maybe pause and go for a hike.
And sometime on that hike, I decided to go to a meeting that night.
Cause I'd done an experimental year of sobriety in like 2010. What.
Was it about the hike that.
I was sweating? Am I, I was like sweating out. I was just toxic.
I could feel how toxic I was.
I could smell how toxic I was and oh,
like chemicals and blow and probably like baby powder,
you know, like everything just booze. And then,
and I had been smoking a lot of weed to try and chemically balance all of it.
And I ended up getting to the top and something. It was like,
they call it like, it was like a window of grade. I don't know.
It was like one small window of willingness. I don't, I don't know.
Yeah. It was like,
there they say there are these kind of like opportunities where you can walk
through a like door of willingness if you're you're really at
rock bottom and trying to get,
and I made I've joked about this before I made alcoholism look amazing. Like I,
I had a lot of fun. I was, I was killed. I was like,
oh, from the outside it looked okay. It was just internally.
I felt like I was rotting to the core and I also couldn't really get out of my
own way. And so I went to a meeting and I didn't even,
I wasn't like I'm getting sober. I just didn't know what else to do.
And I was miserable. I mean,
I was miserable the first two years of my sobriety,
but it was better than feeling like I wanted to kill myself.
And so I just kept walking through it and doing what they told me
to do. They're like get a stupid job.
So I was waiting tables and like to get a stupid job. They're just, you know,
a lot of times you have this kind of idea of being a big shot or not that I did
at all. I was still waiting tables and like broke all the time,
but it's really just this idea of like being a worker among workers,
like put yourself in a,
get a day job so you can pay your bills and not be dependent and struggling
and put yourself in a cause. Sometimes it's like people who come from, you know,
finance or whatever though,
they were big shots and then they kind of lose everything. So then they.
Tell them to get a job. Everybody needs.
Well. Yeah. And just for,
just for consistency and to be responsible and to have to show up.
And I mean,
I really realized I started drinking when I was 12 and pretty
alcoholically by the time I was 15 and I
12. Yeah. I was young. I mean, nobody was paying attention, you know,
and my parents got divorced right around that age. And um,
yeah, I started,
I said it was off to the races and then it was just by the time I was 19,
I was in, it was,
it made a lot of sense and I was in rehab for heroin and then
got off that. But that kind of not being, I use that as an excuse to be like,
oh, I'm not an addict because I'm not doing heroin anymore.
So I use that to stay out for a long time as an excuse of like, well,
as long as I'm not doing heroin, because anyone will get addicted to that.
And so, yeah, I mean, it was a long, long journey to sobriety.
And then I, I was very miserable in somehow. And then round two years,
like the rubber just started meeting the road. I got my first column at Playboy.
I sold my first, um, freelance writing piece.
I started doing,
you have so much energy when you get sober for somebody like me,
who is wasting a lot of it,
just drinking and partying that I just had to do a lot of different things.
And I'll,
I couldn't really deny that my quality of life improving
drastically and starting to do things that I had always wanted to do,
like be a paid writer.
It didn't seem like an accident that it was a couple of years after I had been
sober that these things started happening.
And so while it was happening, did you follow any protocol? Did you like,
did you follow any advice from books?
I was in 12 step, like full on and in.
What, what didn't you like about that? What didn't you like about the.
12 Steps? When I first left the 12 steps or just when I was in,
um, well, I have, you know,
I had a lot of reason to think that abstinence isn't the only way which they
found isn't for everybody. Uh,
it is for me because there's no middle ground with subs.
I started smoking cigarettes and sobriety.
This is a perfect example of how there's no mid ground.
And I was so mad cause I quit everything.
And I started smoking cigarettes in 2015 and
I was, I had one cigarette at a meeting and I was like, all right,
I'll have a cigarette.
And then I was after the racist smoking pack a day within like weeks.
I'm like, if this is any example of what I'll be like with booze or anything,
I just know there's no, I do not. Some people can be moderate.
They have that ability and I envy the.
Watch the entire episode for free only on Spotify.